What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	.git directory is created and master branch for repo is established. Needed to store info about which files
	are contained in the repo as well as the metadata to track commits.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area is a list of changed files you want to include in the next commit, whereas the working directory
	contains the actual files to edit and test. It allows you to assemble a sensible commit for changes spanning
	multiple files and allows you to work on unrelated code in the repo without adding unrelated changes to the same
	commit.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	Double check that all necessary and only necessary changes are staged for a logical commit and make adjustments
	before committing to avoid bad commits.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	Making major changes to working code, adding a major non-critical feature that may take time to get stable while
	leaving stable code intact for more important improvements. Allows addressing of different priorities in parallel
	without breaking entire project over a lower-priority change or getting confused over too many unrelated changes
	in one timeline.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	They show the hierarchy of the structure where each commit is change based only on the code in its parent commits,
	making some commits directly related to a common source while others are directly based on differing sources.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	The checked out branch is updated with changes from merged branch(es) and new 'HEAD' becomes child to all merged
	commits.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Automatic merging can save significant time combining large amounts of code that would not normally create
	conflicts, but conflicts may arise when there are incompatible or too drastic changes. Manual mergine allows
	decisions to be made on how to integrate significant or conflicting code differences, but can be tedious when
	commits are very far apart due to branching and will require significant code addition and removal across many
	files.
